Rengoku...
Rengoku!
I...
I will fulfill my duty!
I will not allow anyone here to die!
Flame Breathing...
Esoteric Art!
Set your heart ablaze.
Rengoku!
UPPER THREE
Set your heart ablaze.
Rengoku...
MUGEN
KAKUSHI
Rengoku...
Stop that crying!
And you! Snap out of it for crying out loud!
We're gonna train now!
I see.
Tanjiro said that?
Don't run away, you coward!
Don't run away!
The Demon Slayer Corps...
is always fighting you demons in the dark
of the night where you have the advantage!
Don't run away, you bastard!
You bastard!
You coward!
Let us all carry on
Kyojuro's will together.
IWAWADO BOOK STORE
My, he certainly seems
like a bright young child.
Seriously... Not being blessed with
my own offspring had made me despondent...
but now that such a fine boy
has come to us, I can rest easy.
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC
EPISODE 1:
SOUND HASHIRA TENGEN UZUI
Each day is so blissful.
I couldn't be happier.
He's such a kind little kid.
So considerate toward the help.
I've never seen a child his age
who was so gentle-mannered.
Blood has nothing to do
with parental affection.
I'm going to have that boy
take over my business for me!
I really envy you! I wish I could
trade our idiot son for him!
He's a fine boy. No doubt about it.
It's just that...
As he suffers from a skin disease,
he can't go outside during the day.
Oh dear, the poor thing.
I'm hoping that we can develop
a wonder drug for him at my company.
The sooner the better.
I am here to report to you...
Master Muzan.
Have you found what I asked for?
I looked into it but came up empty.
Having no way
to even confirm its existence...
I was unable to locate
the Blue Spider Lily.
And?
I will continue to do my utmost
to live up to your expectations, Master Muzan.
As ordered, I did eliminate one Hashira,
so you may rest assured.
You seem to have
the wrong idea about this...
Akaza.
So what if you disposed of one Hashira?
As if that were such a feat.
A demon beating a human
is a forgone conclusion.
What I want is for the Demon Slayer Corps
to be annihilated.
Pummel the life out of every last one of them
and never let another one
enter my line of sight again.
It's hardly a complicated task.
And yet, I'm still waiting for it to happen.
What do you have to say about that?
You boast of having killed a Hashira,
but there were three
other Demon Slayers there.
Why did you fail to kill them off
after I made a point of sending you there
because you happened to be nearby?
Akaza...
Akaza!
You have disappointed me.
To think that you suffered a blow
by a swordsman who isn't even a Hashira...
How far you've fallen, Upper Three.
Dismissed.
I just heard a loud noise.
Are you okay?
You coward!
I know what you look like, boy!
The next time we meet, I'm going to spray
your brain matter everywhere!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC
So, even Tanjiro can sink into despair
and feel hopeless, too.
Well, why not?
Even someone who sounded
as well-trained as Rengoku ended up dead.
That would make anyone sad
and fall right apart.
Look at Inosuke. Even he was bawling.
I guess he was beyond frustrated.
Even the strongest person can suffer
and feel sorrow, huh?
Even still, since there's no point
in cowering forever,
they beat their wounded souls again and again
and get back on their feet.
I'm sure that Rengoku
was that kind of person, too.
That's the kind of sound he gave off.
Not that it wasn't a little odd,
but his sound was strong and kind.
Tanjiro, I secretly snagged us
some bean paste buns, so let's eat!
Oh no! Tanjiro's missing!
Oh! Zenitsu!
I'm so sorry!
No, I'm totally fine.
What's wrong?
Your focus is totally off!
I really am sorry!
Tanjiro's nowhere to be found, so...
Tanjiro's wounds aren't even healed yet,
but he's been training,
so Lady Shinobu
has really been on edge, too!
He was told to rest in bed!
That stomach wound of his
was pretty deep, right?
How dumb is that?
Rengoku's crow...
Thanks!
He's carrying out Rengoku's will
by guiding me to his house.
Are you Senjuro?
Have you heard of
Kyojuro Rengoku's passing?
I have messages from Kyojuro
for his father and for you, Senjuro.
So I've come to relay them to you.
From my brother?
I already know
what happened to my brother.
Excuse me!
Are you all right?
Your face is deadly pale!
Knock it off!
He would've only left
the most worthless of messages, anyway.
CLASSIC
BARLEY SHOCHU
SAKE
Look what he got for becoming a swordsman
when he had no real talent!
No wonder he died!
Worthless!
What a fool of a son Kyojuro was!
A person's talent level is determined
the day he's born.
Only a mere handful have any talent.
The rest are just members of the masses!
Completely useless trash, they are!
Kyojuro was in that group.
He had no real talent.
So why wouldn't he end up dead?
Senjuro!
The funeral's over now.
It's high time you wiped
that gloomy look off your face!
Hold on!
That's going way too far!
Please stop talking about him like that!
Who the hell are you?
Get out! Don't you dare
set foot on our property!
I'm with...
the Demon Slayer Corps!
You...
I get it now! You...
You're a wielder of the Sun Breathing
technique, right? Am I right?
Sun Breathing?
What are you talking about?
So fast!
Those were no amateur moves!
Father! Please stop!
Just look at his face!
Can't you see that he's not well?
You keep your mouth shut!
That's enough, you monster!
Why are you acting like this, anyway?
Insulting your own child,
who's lost his life...
Striking him...
What is it that you want to do?
You...
You're mocking us, aren't you?
What makes you say that?
I have no idea what you mean!
Now you're just slandering me!
That's because you're a wielder
of the Sun Breathing technique!
I know all about those earrings!
I-It was in the book!
Sun Breathing...
Could he be talking about Hinokami Kagura?
First Breathing.
The first breathing technique ever created!
The most powerful of them all!
And all the other techniques
are derived from Sun Breathing!
All the others just mimic Sun Breathing.
They're just cheap imitations,
retrograde versions of Sun Breathing!
Fire, Water, Wind...
All of them!
What does he mean?
We've been charcoal burners
for generations.
We have the records to prove it.
Sun Breathing...
Hinokami Kagura...
No.
Never mind that.
There's something
more important than that!
Don't get cocky just because you're a wielder
of the Sun Breathing technique, boy!
As if I could!
Can't you see how devastated I am
by my own weakness?
Why, you...
miserable old fart!
Look out! My father is...
Don't you badmouth Rengoku!
Don't you dare!
...a former Hashira!
Please stop... Father!
But why?
If Hinokami Kagura
is a Sun Breathing technique...
then, that day, why wasn't I
able to save Rengoku?
Why?
Why couldn't I?
Now look what I've done.
Here's some tea.
Please drink it.
Oh, thank you.
Sorry. I mean,
for head-butting your father.
Is he okay?
I think he'll be fine.
He even went out to buy
some sake once he came to.
Is that right?
Thank you very much.
Huh?
You took a load off my mind.
I could never even talk back
when he badmouthed my brother.
What were my brother's last moments like?
I see.
So, my brother was valiant until the end.
Thank you very much.
Oh no, please...
Forgive me for coming up short.
Please don't worry about it.
I'm sure that my brother told you
the same thing, didn't he?
Something in a book
my father often read rang a bell.
RECORD OF THE TWENTY-FIRST FLAME HASHIRA
I believe this must be it.
Th-Thank you very much!
Is what you'd like to know in those pages?
L-Look at this!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC
Look at this!
It's ripped to shreds.
It's unreadable for the most part.
Was it like this from the start?
No. That's not possible.
After all, the Flame Hashira Chronicles
are stored very carefully.
I believe it was my father
who tore those pages.
I'm so sorry.
No.
It's not your fault, Senjuro.
Please don't feel bad about it.
But you came all this way for it
only to end up learning nothing about Hinokami
Kagura or what my father called "Sun Breathing."
It's all right.
I know what it is that I must do.
I'm going to train harder.
Even when it comes to Hinokami Kagura...
though I know how to perform the dance...
I still haven't managed to master it.
Is that right?
When I use Hinokami Kagura
while maintaining Total Concentration,
I can't move my body the way I want to.
I'm to blame for that.
I can't physically keep up with it.
My stamina's improved
thanks to Total Concentration, Constant,
but it's still not enough.
I'm supposed to gain stamina by the day
if I can maintain Constant,
but I can't get stronger in an instant.
That day, if only I'd been more powerful...
In an instant...
If only there'd been a way for me
to become strong enough to save Rengoku...
I've tried to come up with one.
But there's no such convenient method.
There just weren't any shortcuts.
All I can do is struggle.
To move forward by pulling out all the stops
to do whatever it is that I can.
No matter how grueling
or frustrating it may be.
And then, I...
am going to become
a powerful Hashira like Kyojuro!
No matter what!
My brother didn't have a Tsuguko.
Normally, I would've become his Tsuguko...
and would've had to train
as a Hashira reserve.
But...
my Nichirin Sword failed to change color.
Nichirin Swords don't change color until
you've acquired a certain level of sword skills...
but no matter how much training
I underwent, it was no good.
I'm going to forget
about becoming a swordsman...
and be useful to others in some other way.
This will break the line
of the Flame Hashira
and inflict damage on its long history...
but I'm sure that my brother...
will forgive me.
Walk down the path that you feel is right.
If anyone dares
to badmouth you, Senjuro,
I'll personally head-butt them!
I don't think that's a good idea.
I'll restore the Flame Hashira Chronicles myself.
I'll look into other books, as well.
I'll also ask my father, and if I find out
anything, I'll send word through our crow.
I'm glad that I got to talk to you.
Please get home safely.
No, I'm the one
who should be thanking you.
Wait, Tanjiro.
Please take this.
It's my brother's Nichirin Sword guard.
I-I can't accept
something as valuable as this!
I...
I want you to take it with you.
I'm sure it will protect you.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Are you back?
Um, our visitor—
Shut up!
I don't give a damn! Get out of here!
B-But my brother's message to you—
Worthless!
It's probably just his gripes toward me.
I already know what he'd say!
Now get out of my sight!
Very well.
"Please take care of yourself."
Those are the only words
that my brother left behind for you, Father.
I'll be heading out now, Father.
Kyojuro...
Do I have a fever?
I can't breathe.
Don't worry, Nezuko.
The Butterfly Mansion's not far off.
Huh?
Haganezuka!
You lost your sword?
Are you out of your mind, you fool?
You deserve to die ten thousand times over!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Please! I'm truly sorry!
He says that he got chased by Haganezuka
until close to daybreak.
So that's why you're not eating?
Gimme!
This way!
Sorry!
If Aoi hadn't calmed him down for me,
he would've kept chasing me until noon.
Would anyone like seconds?
Would you like some?
Gimme!
Aoi, thank you for yesterday.
You, too, Sumi, Kiyo and Naho.
Don't mention it. It was nothing.
What's Haganezuka up to now?
Haganezuka? Oh, he's sitting
on the veranda, eating rice dumplings.
And it seems like he's finally back
in a good mood!
Thank goodness!
Rice dumplings
are Haganezuka's favorite food!
Next time he starts fuming,
you should go buy some.
I want to have some, too!
Fine, I'll go get you some later, all right?
Help! I'm gonna die!
100 more to go!
Almost four months had gone by
since Rengoku's death.
Every day, we trained...
while following the crow's orders in between.
And we each headed out
to take down demons.
Take care!
Zenitsu no longer threw fits,
even when he had to go on solo missions.
Give me a lock of Nezuko's hair!
I promise I'll do my best!
Inosuke became
even more aggressive than before.
We're gonna run hard
until our bones shatter!
C'mon, you guys!
Not being all alone...
You're almost there! You can do it!
Nezuko! Nezuko!
I think it's a blessing.
Nezuko!
North-northwest! North-northwest!
Destroy the demon
lurking in the mountain shrine!
North-northwest! North-northwest!
Nezuko, are you okay?
You're not getting wet
from the rain, are you?
The demon should be
around here somewhere.
Let's do this, Nezuko!
Dammit! I messed up!
We're going to end up in the village!
D-Dammit!
What kind of Demon Slayer is that?
Provoking a demon like me...
You're finished.
Better resign yourself.
I'm really sorry about this.
Don't gimme that...
you little punk!
Total Concentration...
Water Breathing!
Fourth Form...
Striking Tide!
That's strange.
I know I heard something.
I'm exhausted.
Nezuko, we'll be reaching
the Butterfly Mansion soon.
Please stop, will you?
Nooooo!
Please let us go! I...
This girl is...
I'm begging you!
Stop yammering. Just shut up!
Please stop!
Please let them go!
K-Kanao!
Mission... Order... Shinobu... Superior...
Aoi... Naho... Hashira... Coin... Order...
Coin... Coin!
I'll decide by flipping a coin!
HEADS
Follow your heart.
- Kanao!
- Lady Kanao!
Kanao...
- Lady Kanao...
Could you be more unflashy?
Stop that yanking.
Did you forget
that you just received orders?
Say something, dammit!
You really are unflashy!
Ch-Charge!
Charge!
- Charge!
Hey! You guys!
Knock it off right now!
How dare you treat girls like that!
Let go of them!
No. Are they swarming around him?
Or being held? Which is it?
He's kidnapping them!
Please rescue them!
Why, you...
You little idiot!
Are you all right?
Yes!
You're a fool.
I'm Lord Tengen Uzui, former shinobi.
A flashy man renown around these parts.
Do you really think I'd fall victim
to one of your pissant head-butts?
Let Aoi and Naho go,
you lousy kidnapper!
You heard him! You heard him!
What do you think you're doing?
Hentai! Hentai!
Hey, you two! Who do you think
you're talking to, dammit?
I'm your superior!
I'm a Hashira, dammit!
I don't acknowledge you as a Hashira!
Huh!
Don't "huh" me!
Who cares if you don't acknowledge me?
You little bottom-feeder!
Did your brain matter explode or what?
I'm taking these two because I need
some female Corps members for a mission!
And I don't need permission from Kocho
to take anyone who's not a Tsuguko!
Naho isn't a member of the Corps!
Can't you see she's not wearing the uniform?
I don't need her, then.
How could you do such a thing,
you inhuman brute?
He dropped me!
For now, I'm just going to take
this one on my mission.
Not that she looks like she'll be of any use.
But somehow,
she is a Corps member, at least.
Everyone has their own personal reasons,
so don't be so insensitive and stir things up!
Give us back Aoi!
Lame. So lame.
No wonder the Demon Slayer Corps
is getting weaker and weaker,
with guys like you wailing and moaning
in your unflashy way!
We'll go in place of Aoi!
What do you mean by "we"?
What's going on, you three?
What do you have to say?
I just got back this second,
but I have power to spare!
I'll be glad to go!
Y-Y-You let Aoi go, you hear me?
You may be a muscular monster,
but I'm not b-b-b-backing down! No, sir!
Is that right?
Then I guess I'll take you with me.
You backed down just like that, huh?
But remember this...
Don't you dare defy me!
Tanjiro...
He's gigantic.
So? Where are we going, old man?
The number one spot in Japan that's dripping
with lust and desire. A super-flashy place.
The Entertainment District
where demons reside.
NIN-NIN
Nin-nin!
CELEBRATING THE OPENING
OF THE ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARC!
So, it's finally underway!
Anyway, I hope you three
are really up to this mission!
I don't know much about you.
So introduce yourselves
right now on the spot!
All right, I'll go first!
My name is Tanjiro Kamado.
TANJIRO KAMADO
My favorite food is fatsia sprouts.
FAVORITE FOOD:
FATSIA SPROUTS
NEZUKO
This is my little sister, Nezuko.
FAVORITE FOOD:
KONPEITO
She loves konpeito.
ZENITSU AGATSUMA
My name is Zenitsu Agatsuma.
I love sweets most of all!
Not to mention high-quality eel!
FAVORITE FOOD:
HIGH-QUALITY EEL
Who asked you about that stuff?
I'm asking what you can do
to fight off demons!
The demons in the Entertainment District
are crazy strong!
Nooooo!
I don't want to die!
I don't want to die! Nooooo!
Then all you have to do is fight
so you won't die!
I don't even want
to run into a powerful demon!
I still haven't done anything
with Nezuko yet, so there's no way!
Shut up for a second.
I'm Inosuke Hashibira!
If you want to hear about me,
you'll have to take me out first!
What's this guy's problem,
shooting off his mouth like that?
What did you say?
Now it's time for today's Taisho-era secret!
Let me introduce myself.
I was born into a shinobi clan.
So when I was a kid, I led an unflashy life
in the shadows as a shinobi.
Really?
No way!
You shouldn't lie.
It's not a lie!
All my pent-up resentment
from those days exploded,
turning me
into the flashy guy I am today.
But that may be
because I always had it in me.
I want you three to show me some
flashy moves during this mission, okay?
I'm picking up the scent of a strong sense
of responsibility from this man.
We can trust him.
What's with that smirk on your face?
Next, Episode 2,
"Infiltrating the Entertainment District."
Do your jobs, you three!
Right!
TO BE CONTINUED